Docs: add information about turbo-rails (#1442)
github/view_component: docs/guide/getting-started.md

_Note: Content can't be passed to a component via a block in controllers. Instead, use `with_content`. In versions of Rails < 6.1, rendering a ViewComponent from a controller doesn't include the layout._

> When using [turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails), if you want to update a **turbo frame**, be sure to set `content_type` as `text/html`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using turbo frames with [turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails), set `content_type` as `text/html`:
```

```ruby
# app/controllers/home_controller.rb
def create

>   render(ExampleComponent.new, content_type: "text/html")

Reviewer 2: Does this work?

```suggestion
  render html: ExampleComponent.new
```

Author: @Spone this made the response content type "text/html", which is right, but the response will be a string with the `ViewComponent` instance, like:

- Controller:
```
class ExampleController < ApplicationController
  def create
    render html: ExampleComponent.new
  end
end
```

- Response:
```html
#<ExampleComponent:0x00007fa2f7bcf150>
```

Reviewer 2: You're right! That a bit unexpected for users, I wonder if there's a way to improve that from ViewComponent side.

_Note: Content can't be passed to a component via a block in controllers. Instead, use `with_content`. In versions of Rails < 6.1, rendering a ViewComponent from a controller doesn't include the layout._

> _Note: If you are working with [turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails), don't forget to set the

Reviewer 2: What about adding a code example just below this? It will make this clearer I think.

Reviewer: Agreeed.

Author: @Spone @joelhawksley Sure, I just added a code example, can you check again?

> _Note: If you are working with [turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails), don't forget to set the
> `content_type` as `text/html`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: If you are working with [turbo-rails](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo-rails), don't forget to set `content_type` as `text/html`._
```
